# Weekly Meetings

* [5 October 2020](#date-5-octoberr-2020)
* [28 September 2020](#date-28-september-2020)
* [21 September 2020](#date-21-september-2020)
* [14 September 2020](#date-14-september-2020)
* [7 September 2020](#date-7-september-2020)
* [12 August 2020](#date-12-august-2020)

### Date: 5 October 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

* GA and I worked on GitHub together
  * KW: Great!

KW: AND you taught folks in the lab about epilepsy!!

#### Who helped you this week?

* KW helped me contact SD
  * KW: Fingers crossed he has time to reply :crossed_fingers:
* Lab members offered helpful feedback on my project during lab meeting

#### What did you achieve?

* Added sub-groups to Histo script
* Retrieved Age of epilepsy onset for proportion of patients
* Trialed linear regression in Python
* Presented at lab meeting
* Practised using GitHub

#### What did you struggle with?

Discussed in meeting

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Keep retrieving Age of epilepsy onset for patients
* Work on replicating Lamberink et al. (2020)
* Work on cluster boundaries: kd plot in Python

KW: These all sound great - would be great to see the plot and talk me through Lamberink paper next week!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Making histo code modular
  * KW: This looks pretty good so far! Maybe see if SG can help with the lambda functions!

#### Any other topics

* Presentation feedback
  * KW: Great discussion. Thank you for asking for feedback.
  * You come across as really authentic presenting the work and that's the most important thing!

### Date: 28 September 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

* I helped my MSc students with their theses
  * KW: YAY!

#### Who helped you this week?

* KW helped me with GitHub
  * KW: Fun times!

#### What did you achieve?

* Finished with MSc students
* Prepared pesentation for lab meeting
* Reading around data schemas and ontologies

#### What did you struggle with?

* Knowing how to allocate time to different parts of my project
* Direction on data standards and ontologies
  * Let's map very specifically the terms in the table in your upgrade report to ontologies and note the ones that don't map and then email SD to see what he thinks :smiley_cat:

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Retrieve Age of epilepsy onset for 'full cohort'
* Update Genetic extraction script
* Run regression in Python instead of R - check correspondence

KW: Excited to see some of this code next week! :rocket: :star2:

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Decide direction on data schemas and ontologies - joint meeting with SAW and KAW?
  * KW: Yes - lets have that meeting
* Check structure of presentation
  * KW: Go "public engagement" level for the epilepsy part - folks will really enjoy that - and then make sure you include a mocked up patient record to demonstrate what you're extracting data from and why that's quite tough :smile:

#### Any other topics

* Presentation on data schemas and ontologies
  * ILAE Big data and Open data task force
    * Bio portal: epilepsy and seizure ontology
  * OHDSI
    * OHDSI Athena
    * SNOMED CT
    * ICD-10
    * Kim et al. (2020) - epilepsy and OHDSI
* Automated MRI retrieval

### Date: 21 September 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

* I helped my MSc students with their theses

#### Who helped you this week?

* JB helped me understand data schemas and ontologies for health data

#### What did you achieve?

* Completed data visualisations for Chapter II
* Re-ran cluster analysis using GMM

#### What did you struggle with?

* Supervision responsibilities

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Look into data schemas and ontologies for open & reproducible science in epilepsy research
* Prepare lab meeting presentation

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Meeting notes pushed to Whitaker lab repo?

#### Any other topics

* KW suggested blog post for Turing website

* Schemas vs ontologies in health care research
    * Schemas refer to how data are organised
        * There are several different types of schemas, including: [OMOP](https://github.com/OHDSI/CommonDataModel/wiki), [FHIR](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/overview.html), [openEHR](https://www.openehr.org), [I2B2](https://www.i2b2.org), and [EAV](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC61391/)
    * Ontologies refer to how data are labelled
        * There are several different types of ontologies, e.g. ICD-10 codes, OPCS-4 codes, and SNOMED CT
* How are schemas and ontologies linked?
    * Schemas may specify that you need to a adopt a certain type of ontology
* Not all data falls within an ontology, i.e. within EHRs, there is unstructured data (free text) which each researcher must individually label
    * This means that one may need to have a second database, where data has been personally labelled by the researcher

### Date: 14 September 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

* I helped my MSc students with their theses
* I provided TB with OPCS-4 and ICD-10 codes

#### Who helped you this week?

* KW gave me an intro to GitHub
* JB helped me with ICD-10 codes

#### What did you achieve?

* Sent upgrade draft to SAW, KAW and TB
* Meeting with Tony Bagnall, Markus Löning and Shakeel Liaqat re sktime
* OPCS-4 and ICD-10 codes
* GitHub
	* Created Turing time repo, PhD project repo and Test repo on GitHub
	* Uploaded Weekly meetings to Whitaker lab repo

#### What did you struggle with?

* Supervision responsibilities

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Add additional meetings to Whitaker lab repo
* Add info re my project's GitHub repo
* Re-run cluster analysis using GMM
* Attend Turing Data Science for Mental Health (DS4MH)

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Next steps 

#### Any other topics

* DRIVE collaborations

### Date: 7 September 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

* I helped MSc students with their theses

#### Who helped you this week?

* JB helped me with OPCS-4 codes

#### What did you achieve?

* Added to _Methods_ in Chapter II
* Completed data overview for Chapter II
* Added to _Predictors of outcome_ in Chapter I
* Attended [NHS-R "Reshaping and merging data" Webinar](https://hackmd.io/8_XbaMWkS7O0RVMgYB3jJg)
* Organised meeting with ML about sktime
* Participated in Collaboration Café w MS
* Shadowed SG and KW’s co-working session
* Attended Binder meeting with SG

#### What did you struggle with?

* Balancing starting at the Turing with wrapping up at ICH

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Become more comfortable with GitHub
* Send upgrade draft to SAW, KAW and TB
* Organise meeting w Tony Bagnall, Markus Löning and Shakeel Liaqat
* Get ICD-10 codes for cohort

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Check admin info for Turing

#### Any other topics

* 'CHIMERA' - a collaboration between GOSH, UCL Insititute of Healthcare and Turing, co-led by Christina Pagel and Rebecca Shipley. The project aims to use mathematics and engineering tools to analyse intensive care data.

### Date: 12 August 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

* I helped MSc students with their theses

#### Who helped you this week?

* KW brainstormed ideas re what I can do during my time at the Turing
* KW introduced me to the lab
* IT support helped me re-boot my computer :pray:
* IG invited me to DSSGx Ethics meeting
* MM gave me advice for my time at the Turing
* MS invited me to Collaboration Café

#### What did you achieve?

* Completed Whitaker Lab Onboarding
* Wrote first weekly meeting in Markdown (here it is!)
* Wrote Intro blog post

#### What did you struggle with?

* Adjusting to working (in a heatwave!) after 3 weeks off

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Become more comfortable with GitHub
* Shadow SG and KW’s co-working session
* Participate in Collaboration Café w MS
* Thesis writing :book: 
    * Add to _Predictors of outcome_ in Chapter I
    * Add to _Methods_ in Chapter II
    
#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Introduction to Markus Löning
* Invitation to DECOVID meetings

#### Any other topics

* Standards for reporting medical data
	* KW suggested I look into OHDSI OMOP
* Concept of “structured missingness”
	* KW suggested I be introduced to a group of people at the Turing who are dedicated to the concept of structured missingness. This group is often looking for projects, and my project would lend itself well to them.
	* This group has not yet been established; however, Prof Niels Peek, who will be part of the newly established group, has been involved in [research of similar nature in the past](https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-projects/advancing-methodology-predictive-healthcare).
* Earlier work between GOSH and the Turing
	* KW mentioned that GOSH and Turing have [previously collaborated](https://www.turing.ac.uk/sites/default/files/2020-02/the_alan_turing_institute_data_study_group_final_report_-_great_ormond_street_hospital.pdf).
    * This work looked at how vital signs monitoring data can be better used to inform the removal of a breathing tube (i.e. ‘extubation’) in intensive care units. The work involved the following 3 steps:
        * Identification and anonymisation of ICU admissions
        * Extraction of patient monitor data from the T3 system
        * Identification of extubation times and labelling ‘success’ or ‘failure’
    * Representatives from DRIVE were Ben Margetts and John Booth.
    * KW suggested being in touch with Markus Löning and Tony Bagnall at the Turing
