# Weekly Meetings

Georgia's weekly meeting notes.

* [24 June 2019](#date-24-june-2019)

### Date: 17 June 2019

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped JS with job application
* Helped with logistics of various meetings

#### Who helped you this week?

* JH helped introduce me to Jupyter notebooks and using it to interrogate data
* KW introduced me to policy team :) & helped me sort out travel/accommodation for conference
* TA volunteered time to help on CS project
* JK and MR agreed to give me coding lessons!

#### What did you achieve?

* Presented CS project at Turing Inst meeting 
* Updated values and outputs statement
* Useful meeting with collaborator 
* "Introducing" blog post committed to GitHub ðŸ¤ž
* Productuve stakeholder discussions

#### What did you struggle with?

* Images on GitHub 
* Finding time/focus to work on position paper 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* A project updates
* Discover Conference
* Creating plan for impoving tech skills 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Looking over A project updates/values updates
* More strategy
* Tech skills advice
  
#### Any other topics

* [17 June 2019](#date-17-june-2019)

### Date: 17 June 2019

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped GH prepare a briefing on sensory needs and environments 
* Gave KA an overview of the citizen science project
  * KW: Awesome! So excited for this to take off!

#### Who helped you this week?

* Kirstie welcomed me to the Turing, intro to GitHub, invited me to a Royal Institute event, checked over work (eLife/Protocol)
  * KW: so excited you're here!
* SG helped me by sharing materials for learning Python, and gave me some GitHub tips 
  * KW: :sparkles:
* OF helped me access training materials
* JC sent me some useful academic papers on sensory processing

KW: Very cool! Super useful

#### What did you achieve?

* Started working with GitHub and using terminal 
* Submitted application for eLife sprint
  * KW: Can we add your application to this folder? Would be amazing to have for future reference (and to show off!)
* Had a productive meeting with SM about position paper
* Wrote a protocol for CS project
  * KW: Love it!
* CogX conference 
  * KW: Super interested to know what you thought!!
* Facilitated collaboration between A & B :smile:
* Had a productive call between AK & BGT

#### What did you struggle with?

* Struggled with creating an SSH key for GitHub
  * KW: YAY for help fixing these weirdnesses

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Strategise next steps of CS project (hopefully will have ethics approval by 17th)
  * Meeting at Turing on 18 June - I'm excited about this! I think its going to be great
* Work on Position Paper and integrating feedback from SM
* Learning more tech skills - Python and GitHub
* Linking up with more people at the Turing
* CS project page for Turing website
  * :white_check_mark:

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Deciding how to work with stakeholders on CS Project - next steps/strategies
  * Call on 17 June - agenda getting back in touch and possibly collaborating on breakfast at Discover :smiley_cat:
* Putting together material for meeting at Turing Inst and Discover conference 
  * KW: I think this is looking great - I'm super happy with the plan for the meeting and excited about Discover Conf
  
#### Any other topics
