# Malvika's weekly meeting notes.

* [10 July 2020](#date-10-July-2020)
* [15 June 2020](#date-10-June-2020)
* [15 May 2020](#date-15-May-2020)
* [24 April 2020](#date-24-April-2020)
* [06 April 2020](#date-06-April-2020)
* [17 March 2020](#date-17-March-2020)
* [29 February 2020](#date-29-February-2020)
* [15 February 2020](#date-15-february-2020)
* [07 February 2020](#date-07-february-2020)
* [Template](#template-date-dd-month-yyyy)

### Date: 10 July 2020

*Monthly update*

#### Who did you help this month?

- CarpentryCon TaskForce in setting their proposal repository and sharing our rubrics for selection and reusing them for abstract review
- PG in writing the GSoD application
- Helped running a humanities in data science discussion with Fede, Katie and Leontien
- EMBL folks in sharing some names of diverse researchers including in Turing who they can invite to their event on Women in Science
- MF in writing his proposal for training in Turing
- IKG, LC, SB, CRS and KS in developing their OLS applications
- SG in brainstorming some ideas for her grant application
- KK in writing the first case study in The Turing Way
- EDI working group in discussing some actionable plan from the Turing

#### Who helped you this month?

- MM in discussing her governance structure in OHT and how they manage communication
- SG in getting the OLS-2 for Turing words out for RSG
- HPC carpentries team in sharing The Turing Way practice to involve people in resource development
- CK from Kenyan bioinformatics network in planning Binder workshop and a panel in data science communities
- SG for helping run the Binder workshop
- RA for reviewing multiple chapters and PRs on The Turing Way

#### What did you achieve?

- Invited Data Feminism contributions into The Turing Way through their final reading group call
- Gave a talk on OLS-2 for Turing at the TPS seminar
- Participated in the OHBM panel on collaboration in research
- Launched the OLS-2 for Turing and managed to get 4 applications
- Finished the first group with reading group with IKG, LC and YY
- led the first workshop on zero to binder
- Got several chapter on community practices added as PRs

#### What did you struggle with?

- Collaboration Cafes at 7:00 pm hasn't been working with the community members

#### What would you like to work on next month?

- Get the next step of governance planned out and connect with mentors for the OLS-2 for Turing

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Touch base on The Turing Way and the next steps in the project

### Date: 15 June 2020

*Monthly update*

#### Who did you help this month?

- Ran a GitHub session with GA for the Autistica folks
- UKDRI members in planning and rinning the Binder workshop
- 

#### Who helped you this month?

- Coworked with KW to release the new 5 guide version of The Turing Way
- Lab members in getting involved in discussions

#### What did you achieve?

- Taught a half day part of the Carpentries online instructor training
- Hosted Collaboration Cafes and Coworking calls (have started running this regularly every day)
- Discussed with Kirstie the Governance file and decided to split them into 3 sections
- co-ran a Binder workshop for UKDRI with KW and SG
- attended Data Feminism book club and the event at the Turing on challenging power
- started a reading group with IKG and LC
- delivered a CogX talk on The Turing Way
- Finished the first cohort of OLS and launched the next cohort with YY and BB

#### What did you struggle with?

- working on the Governance file due to lack of time to think about it in detail

#### What would you like to work on next month?

- Get a plan with IKG to get started with the Ethics guide 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Neede her help in getting the new book version released and we did it!

### Date: 15 May 2020

*Monthly update*

#### Who did you help this week?

* KS in onboarding in the project
  * KW: SO GREAT!
* SG in coworking on some PR and issues
* GA in community and GitHub related discussions
* IGK in sharing some group related aspects and GitHub tutorials
* GSoD participants

KW: So wonderful - I'm so glad folks are benefitting from your expertise.

#### Who helped you this week?

* YY and CR in helping out with GSoD information
  * KW: So appreciate their input!
* SG and GA in coworking and uplifiting
* KW in several discussions and guidance
  * KW: Good.... although I can't imagine I've done much at all - you've been kicking ass without me for ages now!

#### What did you achieve?

* Ally skill workshop for the lab with YY
* TW Coworking hours and a collaboration cafe
* WiDs IBM Code Bristol talk and new connections
* csv,conf and new connections
  * KW: I could not be more jealous - I'm so glad you could attend :heart_eyes:
* OS mentoring consulting for Dutch team
* OLS wrap up
* New half written documents
  * KW: We should set aside some time to get these done together - I know you're killing it!!
* Creative writing social call with SG and GA

KW: Really spectaular - well done!! :space_invader:

#### What did you struggle with?

* Sticking with the daily todos

KW: Totally feel you on this. I think you need to be really strict on how much time you spend on "small" tasks.

* Reserve PRs for others to review
* Only reply to issues once per day :sparkling_heart:
* Take whole days / a week off to focus on the deep work

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Newsletters
* Finish gov doc and GitHub collab
* KPI development / quarterly report

KW: So appreciate all this work

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* At the moment, some asynchronous touch bases helps

### Date: 24 April 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- Exchanging feedback with Scriberia with the help of KW
- Sharing community ideas and newsletter structure with GA
- Sponsoring YY's ally skill training through my SSI fellowship
- Helping finalising The Carpentries instructor training with a few instructors in Europe
- Helping finalising OBF travel fellowship candidate for this round

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW in writing the contributor's acknowledgement draft for the TW
- GA in creating a co-working hour plan for the lab
- SG, AW and MG in making the Turing Way co-working call productive with other members
- YY for providing tips and reviewing GSoD draft

#### What did you achieve?

- Co-creating a co-working plan with GA for the Whitaker lab
- Co-working with community members in a scheduled hour every day
- Submitting the CogX abstract
- Planning the Binder workshop in May along with SG and KW
- Helping offer ideas for the Reproducibilitea online meeting with their orgnaisers
- Finishing Ally skill train the trainer workshop
- Creating a GSoD application draft
- Submitting a sprint idea about TW in SciPy (a slot was offered as a chair of bioinformatics)

#### What did you struggle with?

-  Same as the last times, I haven't yet had a chance to work in community documents

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Community documents

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Approving GSoD draft
- Approving a AW's PR on version control

### Date: 06 April 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- DSSG team in sharing resources on online communities and events
- GA and KW on sharing some tips on Zoom event online for their project wireframing
- CW20 event team in helping with some sessions at CW20
- Co-working with eScience members and getting their contents in the Turing Way
- A talk at the eLife innovation leaders on Mountain of engagement

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW with the CW20 talk 
- SG, PH, YY with gathering interests in Turing Way and developing content at CW20
- KW in probation/appraisal
- SG in creating cross stitch carpentry

#### What did you achieve?

- Co-working with Kirstie and restructuring The Turing Way book
- A perspective talk on a culture of collaboration at CW20
- A collaboration cafe with more Turing members in gathering content on remote collaboration
- Content development and visibility at CW20
- Chapters on Remote collaboration
- Meeting with KD on aligning our roles at TPS and Turing Way

#### What did you struggle with?

- Time management while working from home
- Getting project management related work done for The Turing Way

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Work on project management related tasks

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Getting some of the PRs on Turing Way approved (will ping on GitHub)
- Discussion on the probation/appraisal document

### Date: 17 March 2020

#### Who did you help this week?
- HS and BV with their PRs
- Newcastle workshop
- SG cross-stitch carpentry
- Gates project: open science

#### Who helped you this week?
- KW in discussing and structuring 100 min relay

#### What did you achieve?
- Humanities and data science notes
- Joining EDI team
- Chairing a lab meeting and putting self-care materials 
- 

#### What did you struggle with?
- Prioritizing TW PRs and Issues
- Structuring large chapters

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Project management stuff - captured but unwritten 
- Work with eScience Amsterdam team to sort their PRs
- Distributed collaboration document
- Newsletter

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?
- Governance of Turing Way
- Differentiating roles
- Structuring book to create space for the new topics
- COVID response in newsletter
- Turing + Turing Way

### Date: 29 February 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- A couple of book dash participants

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW, SG, LB in book dash planning+organising
- KW in the catch up meeting and planning the Newcastle workshop
- MY in sharing insights from the RSE group and how they can be involved 

#### What did you achieve?

- Finalising the Newcastle workshop with th eorganiser
- Book Dash and book dash report
- Got to know the ATI members interested in contributing an Ethics case study

#### What did you struggle with?

- Not totally understanding my place in the project - but that is going to get better with time

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Creating a few documents for the TW project management: book dash, collaboration cafe etc.
- Understanding the potential ways to improve TW visibility

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- A few hours to sit down and discuss notes from the expansion sprint, and plan next book dash

### Date: 15 February 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- Software Carpentry workshop organisers, instructors, helpers and participants on 10-11 2020.
- A few Book-dash participants who did not have their tickets for travel.
- KD in getting her registration for the book dash sorted.

KW: Really glad that KD can come to the book dash - thank you for coordinating all the travel etc!

#### Who helped you this week?

- Software Carpentry workshop organisers, instructors, and helpers - MN, LB, JP, KH.
- KW in running pre-book dash calls and booking the dinner location for book-dash.
- Reception staff for sorting the catering for the book dash.

#### What did you achieve?

- Taught at the SwC workshop, got to know few more Turing members through this course :)
- Finalising pre-event plans for the book-dash, including the drop-in calls.
- Sending abstract and details for the Newcastle event
  * https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/829
- Addressed (accepted-closed) a few PRs on TW Gh repo.

KW: Awesome - way to go!

#### What did you struggle with?

- Hot-desking (still learning).
  * KW: Blurgh - yeah - its really tough. I hope some of the suggestions from our chat work out - meetings for coffee or chatting on slack for example.
- Identifying key members at Turing to establish contact with.
  * KW: Sounds from our chat like you're actually doing a fantastic job on this front!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Addressing more open PRs on TW Gh repo.
- Get to know a few more people at the Turing.
- Finalising remaining logistics for the book-dash.
  * KW AND HOST THE BOOK DASH WAAAAAAH! :books: :dash: :dash:

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Finalising TW Newsletter: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/830
- Running the book-dash
  * KW: We chatted about presentations & hackmd. Looking forward to the event! 
- Finalishing Qs for asking a few Turing members.
  * KW: Lets leave this to KD for the first pass but introduce you :smiley_cat:
- [PR merge request](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/801) for Collab Cafe time table for next months.
  * KW: ON IT!

### Date: 07 February 2020

#### Who did you help this week?

- The SwC organisers and trainers in sharing teaching materials.
- The book dash attendees and getting their travel/accommodation sorted.

KW: So fantastic that you were here for the first Turing SWC workshop!

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW in orienting about the Turing and its projects, and the role of Turing Way.
- Otis in welcoming me to the office :)
  * KW: He's so wonderful :heart_eyes:
- KW in putting me in touch with other members.
- GA by sharing the citizen science meeting details.
  * KW: Aaaah - I'm so sad I didn't get to go to this!
  * Putting this link here to remind me to checkout the talks :laughing: https://youtu.be/2QMhyObtuyM
- KD in sharing about the Turing and her role in TPS+TW.
  * KW: I'm so delighted that you had this chat! Excited for you to work together!
- SG and JC in joining the TW demo abstact/application for the CW20.
  * KW: Here's the link for reference! Fingers crossed! So excited that you can go to represent _The Turing Way_ [CollaborationsWorkshop2020-submission.md](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/conferences/abstracts/CollaborationsWorkshop2020-submission.md)
- Grey Dawes, KW and KD in getting everyone's travel/accommodation sorted for the book dash.
  * KW: :steam_locomotive: :steam_locomotive: :steam_locomotive:

#### What did you achieve?

- Connecting with the members from humanities through their monthly discussion event.
- Attending TW collab cafe and getting a few TW Gh PRs addressed.

KW: And opened The Turing Way [twitter account](https://twitter.com/turingway)!!

#### What did you struggle with?

- Getting to know the city.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Finalising book-dash logistics - dinner, people, pre call.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

- Book dash dinner.
  * KW: Good job on taking this task away from me!
- General qs about the Turing.

### Template: Date: DD Month YYYY

#### Who did you help this week?

#### Who helped you this week?

#### What did you achieve?

#### What did you struggle with?

#### What would you like to work on next week?

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

