# Weekly Meetings

* [3rd November 2018](#date-3rd-november-2018)
* [26th October 2018](#date-26th-october-2018)
* [30th August 2018](#date-30th-august-2018)
* [21st August 2018](#date-21st-august-2018)
* [13th August 2018](#date-13th-august-2018)
* [26th June 2018](#date=26th-june-2018)
* [25th May 2018](#date-25th-may-2018)
* [11th April 2018](#date-11th-april-2018)
* [4th April 2018](#date-4th-april-2018)
* [14th February 2018](#date-14th-february-2018)
* [7th February 2018](#date-7th-february-2018)
* [31st January 2018](#date-31st-january-2018)
* [24th January 2018](#date-24th-january-2018)
* [17th January 2018](#date-17th-january-2018)
* [10th January 2018](#date-10th-january-2018)
* [14th July 2017](#date-14th-july-2017)
* [12th May 2017](#date-12th-may-2017)

### Date: 3rd November 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* I had two meetings w folks who were struggling in various ways in academia.
  I'm not super sure how much I helped but maybe it's sometimes just nice to be heard.
* I facilitated the first session that I went to at MozFest because the designated folks
  didn't turn up!

#### Who helped you this week?

* GK & EdP w OHBM SIG stuff
* EdP for all the amazing conversations about governance in a bunch of projects
* All the MozFellows for being so wonderful :heart_eyes:

#### What did you achieve?

* Proud of the governance documentation and the roadmap for `tedana`:tada:
  * Currently open for comments: https://github.com/ME-ICA/tedana/pull/151
* Got things moving for the Turing Way project - email, github repo & call :sparkles:
  * Got a lovely email from FP that made me smile :smiley_cat:
* Had a good time at MozFest - enjoyed seeing all my friends, but generally
felt pretty overwhelmed by all the problems :sob:
  * I was particularly proud of MK's session and I really enjoyed meeting a
  bunch of different people for coffee and a chat
* Got the OHBM Open Science SIG request for annual funding sent off :raised_hands:
* Had a useful *Automating The Crowd* event planning meeting
* Was quoted in MZ's piece on open source in Cambodia
  * https://thediplomat.com/2018/10/cambodias-coming-ai-revolution
* Had a great call w GA planning new project

#### What did you struggle with?

* I generally felt pretty useless this week - partly just the same feeling of being
  behind on everything all the time, and partly just really overwhelmed by the fact
  that there are no easy solutions to make the world a better place.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* I'm at SFN this week and I'd like to use the time to refind some joy and balance!
  I'm looking forward to seeing a bunch of friends and hopefully getting some work done
  with no meetings!! :grimacing:
* In particular I need to push on NSPN data management tasks and get sorted out with emails
* If I can get the EAG and OSSIG emails under control I think that would be a big weight
  off my shoulders. 🤞

#### Where do you need help?

* I'd really love to have some more content on the lab website, I think if I can
  get some of my projects wrangled then I might be in a good position to ask
  people to write me some updates.
* I'd also really love to have help in drawing out some schematic diagrams for
  papers. If anyone knows folks who can do that (happy to pay) that would be
  really cool :sparkles:

#### Any other topics

I know these updates have been sounding super morose for a while now, but it does
really help to do them, even if they make me feel rather overwhelmed!

### Date: 26th October 2018

This was written at Craft London outside Ravensbourne where MozFest is just getting started.
I have super mega FOMO for the amazing facilitator training that's happening right now.
It's really strange not wrangling again this year!

Anyway, I'll fill this in to cover a smattering of what I've done over the last few weeks, and then hopefully have a clean slate going forward into November :grimacing:

#### Who did you help over the last six weeks :scream_cat:?

* I ran some really fun events - I think they went really well and I think we built up some great community there.
* JH and I helped each other out (I hope) with some fun project ideas.

#### Who helped you over the last six weeks :scream_cat:?

* KP is so so fantastic with contracts and coordinating! I wouldn't have any idea what to do without her.
* DE was a mega star with all the coordinating and writing for the data science for experimental design event!
* GK & EdP with all their fantastic focus on the OHBM SIG - love love the executive summaries and the budget spreadsheet!
* PV as usual :heart:
* Gaaaaaah - so many people.....

#### What did you achieve?

* Co-ran Gamechangers for Diversity in STEM event: https://stemgamechangers.github.io
* Co-ran Data Science for Experimental Design event: https://datascienceforexperimentaldesign.github.io
  * Did some good writing for the paper... not done yet though :sob:
* Gave talk at WGS founders day: https://whitakerlab.github.io/blog/Founders-Day-Speech
* Interviewed for ethics RA position
* Hosted the wonderful MN at the Turing
* Had a fantastic discussion with TS at the Turing (and over lunch at Dishoom)
* Said goodbye to IS and JL (but not reaaaally)
* Had a great sprint on `scona`:cookie:
   * https://github.com/WhitakerLab/scona
* Got funding for Automating the Crowd event
* Sat on events steering committee & scored applications
* Made some (but not much) progress on DAS
* Gave talk on legacy of Alan Turing and why we need diversity in data science for CBRE
* Lead discussion on reproducible research, open science and ethics for Turing student induction
* Gave talk at Department of Psychiatry in Cambridge
* Gave talk at Bernstein PhD symposium: https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.7140050
* Gave port talk at Goodenough College
* Became a fellow of Goodenough College
  * http://www.goodenough.ac.uk/about-us/about-us/patron-governors-fellows
  * http://www.goodenough.ac.uk/about-us/news/1002-founders-day-2018
* Presented BIDS & BEP001 on an ISMRM virtual meeting call
  * Slides: https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.7166180
  * Meeting (not open; ISMRM members only): https://ismrm.adobeconnect.com/_a1156337412/pnrld4ttcjdu
* Brainstormed future work on EEG with SC
* Wrote 3 project applications....likely have 1 selected!!
* Coordinated Autistica contract! Very close!!
* Done some good work on the Champions project
  * Had a fun sprint
  * Had a productive (if disappointing) call w broader network
* Chaired One Health Tech event: https://onehealthtech.com/blog-post/careers-and-training-in-health-data-science-event-recap
* Had a productive/cathartic phone call re: data management
* Chaired two OHBM SIG meetings
* Hosted Turing Town Hall :microphone:
* Had productive (I think) first couple of meetings w MM

#### What did you struggle with?

* Abandoned EAG too much
* Finding cohesion in SIG committee
* Staying motivated on FP project
* Personal strategy and involvement with BIDS (starter kit and beyond)
* Fitting in all the things!
* Feeling way too behind :sob:

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* I'd really like to clean up my inbox & github notifications. I don't know how likely that is to happen but it would really help my mental health. I feel like there are a lot of un-replied to emails that keep me awake at night :sob:
* Work with Elizabeth on `tedana`:tada: and SIG planning.
* Writing for DS4ED paper
* Clean up some data & get it organised

#### Where do you need help?

* Urgh - I don't know! I never know how to answer this. Lets just go with JD taking care of me :hugs:

#### Any other topics

This has been a SUPER busy few weeks but I still feel really behind on everything.
Writing this up makes me feel like I've done loads though.
So this is just another mental note to fill this in! It feels really good (except for the fact that I still know I have too much to do!)


### Date: 30th August 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* Wrote a letter of support for YH scholarship application - fingers crossed for her.
* I think I made some good comments to the civil service visitors in our meeting :smiley:

#### Who helped you this week?

* James was a super hero packing all those boxes
* I literally hugged GC at the end of our meeting - his data is so beautiful and useful!
* PV as usual for being a super rockstar and a fantastic friend.
* IS for building such a cool piece of software for BNIP!
  * Particularly adore the developer guide: https://github.com/WhitakerLab/BrainNetworksInPython/blob/e4652355de806148a179bdf332c8386896890f14/CONTRIBUTING.md#development-guide

#### What did you achieve?

* Published the RainCloudPlots preprint!! https://peerj.com/preprints/27137
  * Got the code on GitHub: https://github.com/RainCloudPlots/RainCloudPlots
  * Crazy proud of the binder integrations for R and Python: https://github.com/RainCloudPlots/RainCloudPlots#interactive-tutorials-online
  * Already got a couple of pull requests to make it better :sparkling_heart::sparkles::heart_eyes: https://github.com/RainCloudPlots/RainCloudPlots/pulls
  * And we were retweeted more than 500 times and liked more than 1000 times!! https://twitter.com/neuroconscience/status/1032975850143195138
* Hosted MB at the Turing for a talk - really fun (and crazy delicious lunch at Dishoom!)
* Met with civil service representatives for a consultation (Chatham House rules so can't share but was really fascinating!)
* Attended Data Trusts event at Turing - interesting but nothing all that new - made me care more about the data safe haven project :laughing:
* Reviewed BNIP developer guide
* Wrote contributing guidelines for safe haven project.
* Hosted second BEP001 call: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19fDhBz3SGH4WF437e-HZy_JpFiM4lrJajoRQwRf5AnE/edit?usp=sharing
* Letter of support for YH scholarship application.
* Feedback to RM for Mozilla mini grant application.
* Let the OHBM Open Science nominees know the outcome.
* Edited blog transcript for OHBM interview w EMDP.
* Reviewed applications for ethics RA position.
* Completed 50 OpenCon reviews
* Updated Data Science for Experimental Design website: https://datascienceforexperimentaldesign.github.io
* Made some progress on figuring out problems with the MRI processing code.
* Moved house!!!!  :package::package::package::house::city_sunrise::city_sunset:

#### What did you struggle with?

* I didn't get comments to AL as I had hoped.
* I didn't get as much BIDS stuff done as I'd hoped.
* I had a couple of really big emotional plunges in response to emails/slack messages that bummed me out. Felt better the morning after but stil :weary:

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* NSPN analyses w PV.
* Comments to AL on his paper.
* Comments to HG on his paper.
* BEP001 fun times.
* DAS figures.
* Regroup re: Champions
* Read safe haven wiki & give feedback.
* EAG reviews.

#### Where do you need help?

* Maybe arrange mentorship chats with BM and JH about strategic career moves.

#### Any other topics

WOAH I did a lot this week! I didn't realise it until I'd written it all down. So note to self: keep track of these things because it definitely felt like I'd done nothing all week when actually I'd done LOADS!

I do need to protect time for writing and strategy though. I've blocked off some time next week. Fingers crossed that works.

### Date: 21st August 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* I'm not convinced I helped anyone this week. I did reply to some emails that I had been sitting on....so that's a pretty low bar to clear for next week :grimacing:

#### Who helped you this week?

* I made a really difficult decision and a bunch of people have been really really supportive which has felt amazing. THANK YOU 💕💖💞
* Literally burst into tears in the middle of a meeting and my colleagues were awesome :sob::heartpulse::tired_face:

#### What did you achieve?

* Big achievement was to get the [raincloud plots tutorials up](https://github.com/RainCloudPlots/RainCloudPlots) and running on [binder](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/RainCloudPlots/RainCloudPlots/master?filepath=tutorial_python%2Fraincloud_tutorial_python.ipynb)! Preprint submitted today :scream::sparkles::heart_eyes_cat:
* It was also the end of the Google Summer of Code so [we got a final report archived](https://github.com/INCF/BIDS-Starter-Kit/blob/master/reports/Google-2018-report.md) showcasing Patrick's work :smiley::sparkles::raised_hands:
  * This included getting a backup of the wiki into the repo (finally!)
  * And a zenodo doi: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1342121
* I [quit the "gym"](https://youtu.be/-_LM2ZlbmP8) which feels really stressful but also awesome.
* Reviewed applications for Gamechangers in STEM
* Posted blog post re: citing works in progress: https://whitakerlab.github.io/blog/Citing-WIPs
* Sent bio to SFN and got excited about seeing old friends
* Sent out email notification for Matt's talk (finally :disappointed:)

#### What did you struggle with?

* Switching off, and overpromising. The usual.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Need to do some NSPN data management
* Want to take BEP001 forwards - call this evening 😺
* DS4ED event website is close but not quite there - needs to launch by end of the week.
* Bit of DAS
* Review BNIP
* Definitely regroup re: Champions project

#### Where do you need help?

* I can't think of anything at the moment - will try harder to think of ways for people to help me!


### Date: 13th August 2018

#### Who did you help this *last three months* 🙀?

Ok, so I'm not **really** going to note all the things I've done in the last few months.
Let's instead go for a few bullet points from [Neurohackademy](http://neurohackademy.org):

* I taught a bunch of people a git & github workflow which lead to [Dan submitting a PR to Nilearn](https://twitter.com/DanJGale/status/1027357249553879041) that same day!! :sparkling_heart::heart_eyes::raised_hands:
* I gave a [talk on collaborative working](http://bit.ly/NH18-OpenForAll-Slides) and thinking about how science should be open to all which quite a few people said was interesting. Here's the etherpad notes: bit.ly/NH18-OpenForAll-Pad.

#### Who helped you this week?

* All the participants during the hacking part of Neurohackademy were CRAZY inspirational - I really felt like they were picking up what I was putting down :sparkles:
* RM taught me a bunch of cool stuff - particularly wrt `setup.py` and how it relates to `pip install`
* CG helped with brainstorming some ways forwards for BEP001
* IS made killer progress on Brain Networks in Python
* PP did amazing work on the BIDS Starter Kit (got shouted out in Russ Poldrack's talk at INCF!)
* Really really appreciated AR's mentorship over coffee in Seattle
* Fernando Perez gave me a hug and listened to me while I cried and I think that's going to be a huge moment for assessing what's important in my life. Such an inspiration.

#### What did you achieve?

* Talk at Neurohackademy: bit.ly/NH18-OpenForAll-Slides
* Collaborative working at Neurohackademy - lots of great issues & pull requests happening within the groups which was *exactly why I went*!
* Got AK to apply to Moz Open Leaders (she's going to change the world)
* Gave some feedback to CGvP's grant application
* Got a bunch of other parcellations run on NSPN longitudinal data
* Edits to PP's [final report for GSoC](https://github.com/INCF/BIDS-Starter-Kit/blob/cded291fd8c4a108e02ca76e023f1b47b06b675f/reports/Google-2018-report.md)

#### What did you struggle with?

* Oooph, I am behind on so many things. I'm finding it hard to move forwards and not get kinda overwhelmed by the to do list 😭

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* I really want to get to a point where I feel like my to do list is at least documented (I don't think it will ever be undercontrol!) I have no idea how achievable that is...but I do know that my phone is not the place to coordinate everything.
* NSPN longitudinal day on Tuesday
* DSG reports Wednesday
* STEM Gamechangers reviews on Wednesday

#### Where do you need help?

* I want to try to be more strategic about what I say yes to....which is NOT easy for me. I think trying to actively seek help is a good idea. I'm not sure how but maybe I can try to open those conversations a little more.
* BEP001
* NSPN FP
* DSG reports
* DS4S event website

(these will all take longer than I have in 3 days this week....but lets see where i get to! :grimacing:)

#### Any other topics

Ariel made a great point that writing is useful **to me**. To help collect thoughts together and to keep them organised. I'm going to try to remember that as I try to put off writing blog posts or updating this form. It may feel slower but it's actually faster in the long run, especially if it helps me get out of this constant fire extinguisher phase!! 🔥🚒😫

### Date: 26th June 2018

#### Who did you help this month?

* My amazing donors [raised $10,000](http://www.tofighthiv.org/goto/kirstie) for the SF AIDS Foundation and the LA LGBT Center!
* Helped to organise a really spectacular BrainHack & TrainTrack🚂 in Singapore (https://ohbm.github.io/hackathon2018)


#### Who helped you this week?

* Ramona as the best Cal Team Captain #GoBears 🐻
* [#Granisha](https://twitter.com/hashtag/granisha) and Felix for coordinating amazing collaborative spaces at OHBM 💕
* RP submitted the [call for papers](https://www.journals.elsevier.com/neuroimage/call-for-papers/reproducibility-in-neuroimaging) for the Neuroimage special edition on reproducibility - excited for these submissions!

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* GSoC appraisal in on time! PP is rocking it ✨
* May OHBM Demo Call (https://www.ohbmbrainmappingblog.com/blog/may-ohbm-open-science-demo-call)

#### What did you struggle with?

* (Ran out of time so this section is missing 😞)

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* (Ran out of time so this section is missing 😞)

#### Where do you need help?

* (Ran out of time so this section is missing 😞)


### Date: 22nd May 2018

#### Who did you help this month?(!)

* Ran away day for DSG team
* Chatted w PhD student about mentor challenges
* Wrote a few letters of recommendation

#### Who helped you this month?(!)

* CL by being really kind
* EC made me smile with her excellent talk
* EdP has been kicking ass all over the place: [*tedana* is released](https://github.com/ME-ICA/tedana) 🎉
* SAW & KAW submitted two great abstracts with me as an author

#### What did you achieve?

* Facilitated April data study group
* Helped to design [Project Trackbook](https://github.com/dat-land/project-trackbook) at the eLife Innovation Sprint
* Selected the Turing reproducible research champions!!
* Talk on adolescent brain development for Teenage Cancer Trust study day
* Talk at CCBI annual meeting
* Helped to facilitate and sat on panel for [Ethics Workshop](https://www.turing.ac.uk/events/towards-smarter-research-ethics-data-science/) at Turing
* Wrote letters of recommendation for IS, LB & KH
* Ran OHBM open science demo call
* Reviewed OHBM hackathon travel awards
* Took part in ECR day at Wiley re: improving publishing
* Got two events accepted at the Turing
* Last author on software project *tedana*:tada:: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1250561

#### What did you struggle with?

* Updating this file?!!
* More seriously I've been very burnt out this last month. It's required quite a serious reflection on what I prioritise and how I respect my effort and time. I don't have the answers but I'm hoping that July (when I'm back from AIDS/Lifecycle and OHBM) I'll be able to start up a more sustainable work process.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* I'm off to California! I'm going to do a little bit of work but not all that much! :bike::dash::dash::dash:
* Ethics forms for surveys - ideally for BIDS, OHBM Hackathon & DSG
* Introducing the EAG write up

#### Where do you need help?

* I think my out of office will help me a whole bunch

#### Any other topics


### Date: 11th April 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped AK & GK update the OHBM Hackathon Travel Award form to nudge people to submit more information so we can judge the applications better
* Gave a bit of feedback to KAW & SAW on MELD, but really, they're kicking so much ass this should go in the next section :sparkles:
* Said yes to two more talks - one in Cambridge (May) and one in Berlin (Sept)

#### Who helped you this week?

* JC being spectacular as usual - fantastic momentum for EAG
* DSG team kicking ass across the board (in the face of adversity)
  * Really appreciate the support for facilitator training :sparkling_heart:
* HG added me to his paper as a coauthor! So kind - it's a delight to read :heart_eyes_cat:
* Really loved the School of Batman podcast episode!
  * https://soundcloud.com/schoolofbatman/the-case-of-the-tree-shade-of-the-future-kirstie-whitaker
* EdP is so wonderful - as usual - with the OHBM Demo Calls

#### What did you achieve?

* Feedback to HG's lovely paper!
* Updated facilitator training guide for DSG - :blush: happy with that - looking forward to the training on Friday
* Recorded Open Science podcast!
* Updated ethics advisory group on progress with DSGs & internships
* Scheduled DAS meetings (:muscle: go doodle go)
* Reviewed 2 papers (Biological Psychiatry, Nature Comms)
* Reviewed 40 applications for Neurohackademy :boom:
* Registered for OHBM & OHBM hackathon
  * Need to submit reimbursement forms
* Submitted receipts for Collaborations Workshop & HBP Gender Conference
* Attended Women in Data Science event at Turing
* Rode 100 miles!! :bike::dash::dash::dash:

#### What did you struggle with?

* Reorg of a specific monthly meeting is very unpleasant - not looking forward to where that goes
* NSPN longitudinal always behind

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* DSG ethics clinic
* DSG facilitator training
* DSG!! :scream::scream::scream:
* If I can get *any* NSPN analyses done that would be really great.

#### Where do you need help?

* IS may be able to help me out with the NSPN network analyses
* I think the DSG team and NSPN longitudinal teams are being really wonderful at the moment & helping me a lot
* I need to start training more for the half marathon, so if I can make sure to go for a few runs next week I think that would be really helpful.

#### Any other topics

I'm enjoying the new [project management board](https://github.com/WhitakerLab/WhitakerLabProjectManagement/projects/2) :sparkles:

---

### Date: 4th April 2018

*Note that this update is covering rather a nebulous amount of time. Plan is to just try to update it with some stuff and then get back on track from today!* :confused:

#### Who did you help this week?

* I'm proud of my presentation to the PCS East of England union reps meeting explaining why I joined the UCU strike and building connections between them and UCU more generally
* Sent some advice on Mozilla fellowships to a few different folks
* Got a letter of recommendation sent off for IS! *fingers crossed* :hibiscus:

#### Who helped you this week?

* Really fantastic work from CL & AB on DSG ethics forms and participant selection for the April DSG ❤️❤️❤️
* Great reviewing from DH & EdP for GSoC too :sparkles:

#### What did you achieve?

* Reviewed 130 DSG applications!
* Selected the April cohort & got emails etc to Jules so responses can be sent out
* Selected the facilitators and got those emails sent out
* Reviewed our Google Summer of Code applications and selected our preferred student! :sparkles:
* Had a great meeting with Nico re: transparency in DSG project & reproducible research
* Joined PCS union meeting in Peterborough and built connection between them and Cambridge UCU (and UCU more widely)
* Gave a culture change talk at Collaborations Workshop that I really enjoyed making and presenting.
  * Also won a prize for best collaborative idea **and** a prize for 2nd best hackday project! All as part of two kickass teams of course!
* Had a great day at CUBRIC & gave a well attended talk there 😃
* Got funding through Mozilla for a Mini WOW at the OHBM Hackathon! :sparkling_heart:
* Got the March OHBM Demo Call blog written and sent off (LATE, but still done)

#### What did you struggle with?

* I'm having stress dreams again so need to focus a little more on getting the work that is triggering those out of the way!
* I'm not getting enough "actual" research done so I need to have a regroup and really try to get some of that done asap

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Update slides for longitudinal NSPN
* Review Turing reproducibility champions applications
* Update facilitator training for DSG
* Interview for open science podcast
* Review ALL THE PAPERS that I've printed out!
* Keep going with my tidy [to do list](https://github.com/WhitakerLab/WhitakerLabProjectManagement/projects/2)

#### Where do you need help?

* Hmmm - some forgiveness for being so far behind on things?

More seriously, I'm feeling like I can get back to business after the strike for the first time. I just want the DSG to be successful and something I can potentially a) relax occasionally during and b) benefit from in shape of some of the reports that will come out.

---

### Date: 14th February 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* I had some good chats with EdP & EC that I hope were useful

#### Who helped you this week?

* JC & MOR were excellent, as usual
* IS for working so independently on the NSPN welcome pack
* WW fixed my laptop! 🎉

#### What did you achieve?

* Inaugural Turing Ethics Advisory Group meeting! Really inspirational 🙌
* NSPN data management meeting - updates, pitched grant application and lead discussion of vision for data sharing
* Reviewed 17 Turing events applications & discussed in meeting - lots of good stuff coming up!
* Lots of people came to the reproducible research lunch!! YAAAAAY 🎈🎈🎈
  * Came up with a list of people to target for champions call
* Coordinated meeting with KAW & SAW - very cool future collaboration
* Blog post out for Open Science demo calls:
  *  https://www.ohbmbrainmappingblog.com/blog/introducing-the-ohbm-open-science-demo-calls
* Bio sent for Turing PRIDE talk
* Chaired research fellows meeting
* NSPN analyses moving forwards - good co-working with PV & SW
* GSoC project was accepted (well INCF accepted as a mentor organisation)
  * https://www.trelliscience.com/#/discussions-about/25692/0/
* Attended ["How do we solve science’s problem with women?"](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/how-do-we-solve-sciences-problem-with-women-debate-network-drinks-tickets-39217270913?utm_source=eb_email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=event_reminder&utm_term=eventname#) and was mega impressed with [Emma Chapman](https://dr-emma-chapman.com/about/) :muscle:🙆:raised_hands:
  * Also met two twitter friends IRL :sparkles::sparkles::sparkles:
* Took a morning off and played with my niece - needed that mental health break!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Had a couple of difficult conversations and a couple of unpleasant emails.
* Update to the Cambridge cluster has stopped my visualisation code from working! GAAAAH :angry:
  * Is this the time to move from pysurfer to a native python based visualisation?? I know Satra & Anisha have some code that works....

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* DSG recruitment - blog post & updated form
  * Touch base with facilitators & get their feedback
* Review 3 papers
* Uis Vis analyses for NSPN
* Distribute draft of grant proposal to GP, EB etc
* Minutes from NSPN meeting & draft vision
* Recruit GSoC student
* DAS writing
* Talk in Leeds
* Read two books for book clubs!! 📚📚📚

#### Where do you need help?

* Not sure how to recruit a good GSoC student - looking for input from anyone who has strong recommendations on that front


---

### Date: 7th February 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* I really hope the DSG partners like the reports! They look great and I think they're very readable ✨
* Wrote a letter of recommendation for LB
  * IS: Helped me too! Thank you :hibiscus:

#### Who helped you this week?

* AdlV was a fantastic guest on the OHBM demo call - they all were but A was particularly helpful on figuring out tech challenges!
* EdP and PV as usual! 👊
* Abby paired me up with two amazing Moz Open Leadership projects! 😍
* AM for holding my hand while I realised that I'm getting old 👵😂😞

#### What did you achieve?

* Shipped the 5 data study group reports 💪💪💪
* Launched the OHBM Demo Calls!! 😱🎉🎈
  * https://youtu.be/Qo-bFqMUbLo
* Got short CV pulled together & sent to AL
* Reviewed applications for DSG science liaison role
* Put a blog post up on lab website about PLOS article
  * https://whitakerlab.github.io/blog/Open-Science-Blog-Post/
* Submitted letter of recommendation for LB
* Got some analyses done for NSPN
* Attended 1st day of MQ science meeting
* Presented reproducible research champions program to D&S meet up
* Submitted registration to BioBank
* Booked travel for Madrid, Cardiff & Leeds

#### What did you struggle with?

* The DSG reports were a lot of work that meant I had to skip a day of the MQ conference. We knew it was a quick turn around from the report finishers' deadline but this was harder due to a lack of expectation setting re: work on Thursday.
* I had a few git bonkers things that slowed me down for NSPN. Need to think about whether I'm being too clever for my own good in some respects there!
* Didn't get time to work on NSPN data management

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Come up with a forward plan for NSPN data management
* Need to put in some DAS time to prep for next meeting
* Promote google summer of code project!
  * https://www.trelliscience.com/#/discussions-about/25692/0
* Scatter plots for NSPN analyses
* Welcome ethics advisory group
* Find time to go on a writing retreat! Get away from these meetings & focus on the big plan

#### Where do you need help?

* Keeping on track for NSPN analyses (as usual!) Ready to rock working with SW on Tuesday
* Moving data management forwards - IS making great progress on BIDS front - need to protect time to think about that more.

---

### Date: 31st January 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* Hopefully my teaching was helpful for the students! :school:
* Hopefully my edits for the DSG reports were helpful! :pencil:

#### Who helped you this week?

* EdP was excellent in supporting the Open Science demo calls
* CF really helped me figure out money questions!
* PJ made me feel really valued and motivated :raised_hands:

#### What did you achieve?

* Got some plots for NSPN longitudinal analyses presented - at the last minute but at least they were done!
* Reran old code and it freaking worked!! WHO'D HAVE THOUGHT?! #ReproducibleResearch FTW :sparkles::tada::balloon:
* Had a great meeting with PJ about NSPN data management - excited for a busy summer!
* Reviewed applications for Moz Open Leaders round 5 - FANTASTIC quality - better and better each time :heart:
* Got letter of recommendation off to AL
* Taught another practical class in Cambridge
* Read the DSG reports twice (different occasions) and gave feedback 💪
  * Had a few useful meetings about DSG IT and comms
* Got a guide for guests written for the demo calls! And code of conduct coming soon (thanks to EdP!) :+1:
  * https://github.com/ohbm/OpenScienceDemoCalls/blob/master/guides/GuideForGuests.md
* Moved forwards with details for a few talks (Goodenough, about Turing) and collaborations (Sparkle & Dark)

#### What did you struggle with?

* A few interactions were difficult to manage from a mentorship point of view, but I think they turned out ok.
* Didn't get as much NSPN analyses done as I'd hoped
* Reproducible research lunches are not well attended. Not sure what to do about that!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Send out DSG reports :sparkles:
* Attend [MQ Annual Meeting])(https://www.mqmentalhealth.org/research/science-meeting-agenda-2018) & get a feel for what they're focusing on
* Show new NSPN analyses in meeting (w PV)
* Update Data Management repo, build on what Isla's worked on
  * Get agenda sent out
* Continue cleaning NSPN data
* Update CV?! (Need a 1 pager 😫)

#### Where do you need help?

* Formatting DSG reports (JL on deck!)
* Presenting analyses for NSPN (PV on deck!)

#### Any other topics


---

### Date: 24th January 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* I stood in at the last minute for some undergrad teaching in Cambridge - helped out course organisers a lot
* Really enjoyed coming up with some suggestions during the reproducible research lunch for AB
* Figured out an error in the brain networks in python code so SM could make her plots

#### Who helped you this week?

* The OHBM demo call speakers were really kind when I was having a bit of a rushed panic. JA was excellent in her comms!

#### What did you achieve?

* Got a blog post up! Wooo :tada:
  * https://whitakerlab.github.io/blog/Imitation-game-at-the-Crick
* Launched the OHBM demo calls :sparkles:
  * https://github.com/ohbm/OpenScienceDemoCalls/
* Selected 5 final report writers for Dec data study group
* Taught a fun practical session on communicating science
* Got a *lot* of NSPN analyses completed. GitHub repo looks really nice and clean, hopefully easier to navigate than the previous one.
* Got IS some data to get into BIDS format - excited about that going forwards! 🌻
* Reviewed grant
* Had our first visitor to the reproducible research lunch drop in 😸

#### What did you struggle with?

* Oooph, this was a hard week, I was tired for much of it and let a lot of balls fall
  * I shouldn't have said yes to the teaching. It was a nice thing for me to do but it really didn't respect my time well at all which was a big mistake
* NSPN analyses as usual are a bit bonkers & always take longer than you think
* Dropped the ball on getting feedback to an application and feel really bad about it
* Double booked myself to speak and now have a bunch of extra work finding a replacement. Should probably not worry so much, but *still* 😭

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* DSG report editing - needs a good few hours (4)
* NSPN figure making - as usual - 3 big sessions
* Wellcome Trust grant for Open Research (4 hours to start...)
* Details to AL & YH re application (3 hours)
* Review applications for Moz Open Leaders
* Guide for ohbm demo call speakers (not urgent, could be done the following week)
* Continue cleaning NSPN data (but realistically I don't think I'll manage this)

#### Where do you need help?

* Keeping focused and not doing all the analyses -just the right ones (as usual)
* Finding someone to take over the talk!!

#### Any other topics

I'm really enjoying monitoring my time, I think it really helps me to think carefully about what I'm focusing on.

I'd like to work harder at keeping my project board up to date, including with PRs/issues from various other repos. Not sure how best to do that, but probably just setting aside time and searching through notifications/ones assigned to me?

---

### Date: 17th January 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* Gave NB a nice place to work :coffee:
* Did a good job at the outreach event promoting the Turing - brownie points with comms 😉
* Had good chats with GC & BK - hopefully supportive 🙌

#### Who helped you this week?

* Martin OR did a fantastic job with the reproducible research champions call 🎉
* SW did all the coding for re-running the model selection algorithm 💻
* PV held my hand as always 👭
* IS has done such a great job on the DAS project ✨
* EdP kept me on schedule - thank goodness ⏰
* TB & CB were super supportive in helping me figure out an email response 💖

#### What did you achieve?

* Outreach event at the Crick
* Arranged research fellows meeting
* Got reproducible research lunches off the ground!! ✨
  - [reproducible-research-dropin-ann.md](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/ReproducibleResearchResources/blob/master/comms/reproducible-research-dropin-ann.md)
  - also fixed the time 😬
* Got the call for Turing Reproducible Research Champions out! 🏆
  - [call-for-champions.md](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/ReproducibleResearchResources/blob/master/champions/call-for-champions.md)
* Submitted Google Summer of Code project
  - https://www.incf.org/collaborate/tool-development/google-summer-of-code/gsoc-2018-project-ideas
* Got some aspects of DAS figured out
* New github repo for the NSPN FP study - happy with the documentation
* Edited emails to DSG participants & partners, contributed (meaningfully) to discussion
* Got abstract & bio sent off to Sussex
* Sent thank you email to EAG
* Signed up to mentor for [MozOpenLeaders](https://mozilla.github.io/leadership-training/) again

Also managed to track my time well and mostly did a good job focusing on the big things....

#### What did you struggle with?

* Didn't do the data cleaning I'd hoped for
* Didn't get to the final results in DAS that I'd hoped for
* Haven't nailed down the OHBM demo call guests
* Had a difficult email exchange....but hopefully all ok....(thanks to my #mozfellows buddies ❤️)
* Didn't get the blog post about the Crick event that I'd wanted to write done 😭

Mostly just time, as usual 😞

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Make figures for NSPN FP - 2 mornings, 1 afternoon
* Teaching in Cambridge
* Get Isla up and running with converting the NSPN data to BIDS format - 4 hours over 2 meetings for me
* Continue cleaning the NSPN data - 3 big stints of 3 hours
* Mentor DSG report edits - a bunch of emails
* Apply for BioBank data - 2 hours
* Create research plan with China visitors - 3 hours

#### Where do you need help?

* Moving NSPN analyses forwards - PV & SW
* Documenting NSPN MRI data - IS
* Promoting OHBM demo calls - twitter & OHBM team
* Staying on top of email :scream: (second week in a row...)

#### Any other topics


---


### Date: 10th January 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

Hmmmm, good question. I helped out Figshare by being on their podcast, and I'm doing an ok job getting the demo calls set up for OHBM Open Science SIG. I also reviewed 3 papers so that's being good to the scientific community at large!

#### Who helped you this week?

* PV got me motivated to do the data cleaning needed for NSPN analyses
* JC doing a kickass job *actually* running the Turing EAG :smiley:
* EdP really helpful wrt OHBM Open Science stuff :sparkles

#### What did you achieve?

* Wrote a blog post: https://whitakerlab.github.io/blog/A-very-proud-start-to-the-new-year/
* Updated about page on website
* Reviewed 3 papers
* Got a google summer of code plan sorted out
* Advanced planning for demo calls for OHBM Open Science SIG
* Recorded podcast for Figshare
* Signed up as Chair of the Turing Ethics Advisory Group
* Had a good planning meeting for DAS sprint
* Had an important requirement gathering meeting for NSPN data management & sent minutes around from December

#### What did you struggle with?

* Blog posts always take longer than I think...but at least I got it done
* Data on HPHI is in more of a mess than I'd hoped. Going to be awesome once I've figured out the tests though :muscle:

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Make figures for DAS paper - close out discussions & get the analyses completed :muscle: - 3 mornings
* Get Isla up and running with converting the NSPN data to BIDS format - 4 hours over 2 meetings for me
* Continue cleaning the NSPN data - 3 big stints of 3 hours
* Invite participants back to work on DSG reports - 4 hours

#### Where do you need help?

* Moving NSPN analyses forwards - PV & SW
* Documenting NSPN MRI data - IS
* Staying on top of email :scream:

#### Any other topics

Feels good to actually write down what I've done! Lozandloz :heart:

---

### Date: 14th July 2017

#### Who did you help this week?

It doesn't feel like I did a whole bunch of helpful stuff this week. I mostly helped future me by writing down all the things I did to get the HPHI working! I also peer reviewed two papers & helped SM with MRI processing. (That was mostly Kirstie of the past making a protocols.io page! YEAAAH :raised_hands:)

#### Who helped you this week?

IH, IS & BMcG are doing great work on the DAS project & I'm excited about that. Had a good meeting w PV & SW about plans going forwards.

#### What did you achieve?

* Peer reviewed 2 papers
* Got slurm code written for HPHI & documented a bunch of steps
* Got pysurfer working on HPHI
* Got some emails cleaned up - finally

#### What did you struggle with?

* Emails (as usual)
* Fitting everything into the day (same as above really). Couldn't find 10 hours to work on longitudinal data.
* The HPHI is difficult to deal with but I'm making progress there. The good thing is that very few other people are using it so you get up on the queue very quickly!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Some results for meeting w Ed on Tuesday - gonna give it 2 hours on Monday and see what happens
* Some plans for the data management meeting on Tuesday - 2 hours on Tuesday morning
* Fragile families, would be nice to see if we can get a big push to the end??
* Blog posts encouraging people to apply for OpenCon, Moz leaders & MozFest
* BrainAge!

### Date: 12th May 2017

#### Who did you help this week?

I helped out Katja, Yo, Tobey and Dan in person by giving them feedback about their application for the Mozilla fellowship & answering some questions. I hopefully helped a few others by blogging about my experience: https://whitakerlab.github.io/blog/Mozilla-fellowship.

#### Who helped you this week?

This week I got some awesome support from the HPC support team and really good discussion about project management with GitHub on the Mozilla fellows gitter chat.

#### What did you achieve?

* Had a productive meeting about NSPN data management
* Started exciting collaboration with BMcG
* Blog for Mozilla science lab fellowship
* Made some progress on processing NSPN MRI data

#### What did you struggle with?

* Finding time to coordinate the NSPN behavioural data into long and wide format
* Staying on top of emails as usual!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Meeting people at UCSD
* Writing blog about trip *while I'm there*
* Processing MRI & behavioural data
* Getting documentation written for NSPN data management

#### Where do you need help?

* Theme for OpenConCam needs to be figured out

Not sure what else, I'm sure there are more things I can get help with but I need to think more clearly about them!

#### Any other topics

Really delighted to be working with Isla. Super fun 10 days and very much looking forward for the next few weeks :grinning: :raised_hands: :balloon:

---

## Template

### Date: [INSERT DATE OF MEETING]

#### Who did you help this week?

* Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who you helped this week and how.

#### Who helped you this week?

* Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of where you struggled this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help from Kirstie on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.
